dairy free gluten free egg free sugar
free guilt free cookies you guys it's
real these cookies are so yummy you'll
be asking yourself how do they taste so
freakin good we are making feel-good
cookies
pack a protein but - the fat and sugar
these cookies are even boyfriend
approves here's what you need one can of
white beans a half cup of quick oats 1/4
cup of peanut butter one teaspoon of
vanilla extract 1/4 teaspoon of baking
soda one teaspoon of baking powder 1/4
teaspoon of salt 1/3 of a cup of brown
rice syrup and 1/3 cup of unsweetened
baking chocolate you're going to start
by preheating your oven to 350 degrees
and then lining your baking sheet with
some parchment paper now this recipe is
so easy we're literally going to put all
of our ingredients into a food processor
pulse it to combine and scoop them out
but if you wanted you could do
everything by hand it'll give the cookie
more texture kind of like a chocolate
chip oatmeal cookie so we're going to
start by putting our secret ingredient
in there our white beans and some of you
are probably freaking out wondering how
are you going to make white beans
actually taste sweet and taste good but
the beans are what's replacing the flour
and the eggs and the butter and what's
really going to be the binding agent for
our cookie plus beans are high in fiber
and high in protein so how awesome is
that
so we have our beans I'm going to add
our oats then I'm going to add our
peanut butter and if you wanted you
could use almond butter but everyone
loves chocolate and peanut butter right
our baking soda baking powder add in
your vanilla pinch of salt next we're
gonna add our brown rice syrup this is
another special ingredient that totally
makes these cookies guilt-free brown
rice syrup is essentially a sweetener
made from whole grain rice and it's a
complex carb which means it doesn't make
you crash like real sugar making it an
excellent sugar alternative now we're
going to pulse this until it's nice
and then fold in our real chocolate just
gonna scrape down the sides make sure
I'm getting all of my ingredients
incorporated into my dough mmm called
like peanut butter now I'm just gonna
fold in our chocolate and we're actually
using unsweetened baking chocolate so
we're not adding any additional sugar to
the dough I like them in big chunks like
that I really love this recipe too
because there's really not that much
cleanup you just gotta clean your food
processor you know mister Amazings other
nickname is actually the Cookie Monster
and if I let him he could eat an entire
jar of cookies but since we both like to
work out and stay fit there has to be a
balance that's why I love how easy these
cookies are plus they're guilt-free and
actually the first time I made them for
him he had no idea that they're actually
good for you then I'm just gonna scoop
these onto my parchment paper leaving
about an inch in between and then bake
them for eight to ten minutes or until
they come out golden brown Wow look at
this plate of cookies I cannot wait to
try one that big ol chunk of chocolate
Oh hmm you know you buy those cookies at
the store and they say low-carb and
sugar-free and they actually taste like
cardboard these cookies are so good I
think your friends are going to be blown
away by how good they taste and how
healthy they are thanks so much for
watching do you guys have any healthy
recipes up your sleeve that you'd like
to share with us well let me know in the
comment box below because I just might
feature it on a future episode I'm
brandy and we'll see you next time bye